Bas 34s mite

‘West Nile is tropical disease that begins in birds, which pass it on to mosquitoes that then g0 on to
infect human beings with a bite. Most people who contract West Nile do not experience any symptoms at
all, but, if they do, symptoms typically develop between 3 to 14 days after a mosquito bite. About 1 in $
persons suffers fever, headaches, and body aches, usually lasting a week or so. A far less lucky 1 in 150
experiences high fever, tremors, paralysis, and coma, Some—especially the elderly and those with weak
immune systems—dle.

‘That is what made the major outbreaks of West Nile in the U.S. in the summer of 2012 so seary. The
situation was particularly bad in Dallas, Texas, where the West Nile virus killed 10 people and sickened.
‘more than 200. The city declared a state of emergency and began aerial spraying of a pesticide to kill the
‘mosquitoes, even though residents argued thatthe pesticide could be more dangerous than the disease.

‘Why was the summer of 2012 so hospitable to the West Nile virus and the mosquitoes that carry it?
Blame the weather. An extremely mild winter allowed more mosquitoes than usual to survive, while the
‘unusually high temperatures in that scorching summer further increased their number by speeding up their
life eyele. The economic crisis may have also played a role: Homeowners who were not able to pay their
‘bank loans were forced to abandon their properties, sometimes leaving behind swimming pools that made
excellent mosquito breeding grounds.

‘The severity of tropical diseases is also a matter of whether governments are capable—and willing—
to defend their populations against infections. Dallas County was not doing some of the key things to slow
the spread of West Nile, such as testing dead birds and setting mosquito traps to test forthe presence of the
disease. Tropical infections are thus as much related to government inaction as they are to climate,

45. What i this passage mainly about?
(A) West Nile and methods to fight it.
(B) West Nile and governmental efficiency.
(©) West Nile and the conditions its virus thrives in,
(D) West Nile and its relation to topical diseases.
